hey guys Meister here and I got a bit of
a different video for you today so this
is a tutorial video I guess on some
simple six skills that I found to use
they're really effective on FIFA and I
just want to share them with you guys
these are probably for the casual FIFA
gamer in my opinion but you know if you
just want to start off these are great
skills to use and they were really
effective so firstly if you don't
understand any of the gibberish I say in
this video I've shown you here how to
get to the skills menu on FIFA so you
can find out for yourself how to do
these skills in addition to the skill
menu you see here I also show the manual
in the game because some people will be
like to me yeah you're poor stingy
bastards and don't give us a manual well
no actually they were just trying to
save trees so good on you yay did
something right for once
ha ha ha ha ha ha I hope you get that
there anyway let's start off with the
ball roll this is a tooth blast kill
move I've seen on screen to show you can
just go onto a player by pressing R 3
and then go through the menus and you'll
see with their skill rating but in the
arena to do it like this with Ronaldo
you just do the control shown on screen
there and similarly to do it to the
right l2 and move the right stick to the
right but in a game you're gonna have to
do it differently so whether you're
running or you're standing still you're
gonna have to be same controlled l2 and
l3 stick up and it will always do it
facing this way and then if you're gonna
do it down if you want to move the pool
downwards with a ball then you know you
gotta do the same controls but obviously
in Reverse so you're gonna have to push
the right trigger right trigger right
analog stick downwards you see here some
examples of why it's good see Johnson
creates a nice space for himself with
the ball roll and it was able to tuck it
around the keeper which is always what
the ball rolls for BC skill and you just
see some other examples here of just
beating the band you just if someone's
going in too easy for a tackle Poros
perfect it just casually takes a pass to
him whether you're running or standing
still it will always do the job of just
being the defenders you see here another
example of me being I know I don't store
from that I get the rebound because IBM
you know otherwise I get tackled so the
second skill and talk about is the
roulette this is a medium difficulty and
your player will need to have three
stars skill moves as I said before you
just have to go on are three on the
players name to find out their skill
rating but this is what it looks like
you can do this running and standing
still like depth ones and in the arena
that would be what you do and obviously
if you want to do in the other direction
as shown here you can shove do these
controls
I've written them on the bottom because
it's two minutes to can say like quickly
I'm afraid and if you're if you're in a
game I show them there to do that kind
of roulette you doesn't do this and I
know it says different control in the
game but for me this always seems to
work so I don't know why you'd want to
do that way and if you want to do it
like that in the game you have to do
these controls obviously if you're
facing the other direction because I was
fixing right that will be how you
obviously have to do the opposite way if
you're facing left in the game but you
see here some examples that Java tit she
just beats the defender so easily and it
gives you because you're still facing
the same direction you've got a lot of
pace and you've got a massive gap on the
defender who was previously tracking you
and you probably seen some of these
clips a forward to wrap there with some
nice skills and then this last clip here
job pitched over the roulette just to
give some space from the keeper and
tucks away nicely and I mean that's what
the roulette does you know give you
space and the beats the defendants so
it's an awesome school to learn and the
final skill is step overs these are
probably my out of these three feast
this is my favorite skills they're just
so easy and so effective only two stars
so again most players that you're going
to use igner to do these I think
actually all players can do these I see
here we're now they're doing them
standing still and you can also do step
overs from a running position as well
it's the same thing all these skills can
be done standing or running then on
these are like on one position this is
how you do it if you just want to do the
right stick obviously you can do it with
just the left take these I've only tried
these standing still I don't know if
this works when you're running but
together this is what you're going to do
in a game most likely you have to be you
have to do that Plus moving it to the
right and moving to the left and that
gives you the step
that you see me do here in this example
and in the arena but obviously if you
want to do it in a game you have to
apply it to game situations and you can
see the by the exiting over the skill is
just when you exit it is so easy to be a
defender but in that example that this
is what controls I would have done by
holding an election trial at l2 as well
and you know as you see from these
examples here it just it beats defenders
just so easily I mean this example with
Giovinco you know I didn't use other
skills but step over the weight like in
that example or completely really
defending is lost as two wells going and
you know makes him look like a fool is
as well so it's great for people here
and you see this final one I show all
three skills being used for roll you saw
the step those be that guy poor roll you
know give him some space that makes me
do like almost like I'm going to that
defender but then I just turn him and
finish a nice food Giovinco so I hope
you did enjoy the skills tutorial I'm
not the greatest of explain this but you
know if you liked it please leave a like
or if you helped you then I'll be
awesome and yeah other than that please